the range of opportunities that you have, like, uh, they can come in the
form of actual work that you do on the ship. So there are many jobs
that you can do. You can become works in a supervisor. You could
become low dispatcher for electrician's anyways, Proportion Electrician's.
You can have all those normal watch stations, but you can also
extend yourself throughout. The ship is, Well, um, you could become,
Let's say, um, surface where or fair qualifier. Which means that
you know exactly how the surface ship works for the engineering department,
and you can train other people like, for instance, cooks and
boatswain's mates. You know how your service works. Uh, that's another
thing you can put on your on your resume. Soto be able to do that
to be able to train other people like that. That's, uh, one way that
you can expand your career. You can also go to school. Um, everyone
goes to a school, at least for uh, if they're a nuke. But there are
other schools, like a C school, and there's a long list of schools
that you could get from the Web that that you can go to you could
go toe school as long as there is a freedom in your department. You
could go to school every other year if you wanted Thio. Um, once you
get out, then obviously, you know, you can use your Montgomery job
Little benefits. Or I guess it's post 9 11. Now that you can, you know,
go toe, go to school and take educational classes. You can also
do that if you're an active duty member as well. I did that as well.
I think I took two classes. Calculus, um, and in English. But I must
admit, it is a little bit harder with, ah, full time work.